Add missing documentation for constant post-aggregator (#13664)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-core/datasketches-theta.md

}
```

### Constant Theta Sketch 

> This post aggregator allows the user to add a constant theta sketch which can be used in other post-aggregators e.g. `thetaSketchSetOp` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the constant theta sketch post aggregator to add a Base64-encoded constant theta sketch value for use in other post-aggregators. For example,  `thetaSketchSetOp` 
```

> You can use the constant theta sketch post aggregator to add a Base64-encoded constant theta sketch value for use in other post-aggregators. For example,  `thetaSketchSetOp` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the constant theta sketch post aggregator to add a Base64-encoded constant theta sketch value for use in other post-aggregators. For example,  `thetaSketchSetOp`.
```

```json
{
  "type"  : "thetaSketchConstant",
  "name": <output name>,

>   "value"  : <base64-encoded value of sketch>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "value"  : CONSTANT_SKETCH_VALUE
```
I'd clarify outside the syntax that the value needs to be base 64 encoded.

}
```

> ### Example of Constant Theta Sketch 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example using a constant Theta Sketch 
```

> Assume we have a datasource of a variety of users. Using `filters` and `aggregation`, we generate a theta sketch of all `football fans`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assume you have a datasource with a variety of a variety of users. Using `filters` and `aggregation`, you generate a theta sketch of all `football fans`.  
```
Prefer "you" over we.

> We have a third-party provider who has provided us a constant theta sketch of all `cricket fans`. We would like to `INTERSECT` both in a `post-aggregation` stage to identify users who are interested in both `cricket` and `football` and then use `thetaSketchEstimate` to calculate the number of unique users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A third-party provider has provided a constant theta sketch of all `cricket fans` and you want to `INTERSECT` both cricket fans and football fans in a `post-aggregation` stage to identify users who are interested in both `cricket`. The you want to use `thetaSketchEstimate` to calculate the number of unique users.
```

Awesome example. I think it might be helpful to show an example of the final output to help visualize the final result of the operation.
